README.md, before:

# MERN Stack  `(MongoDb, Express ,React, Node)`

## About 
MERN stack is a web development framework. It consists of MongoDB - document database. Express(.js) - Node.js web framework. React(.js) - a client-side JavaScript framework. Node(.js) - the premier JavaScript web server.

I have created this MERN stack template with basic features so that this can be used as a base for future projects using the MERN Stack.

The features included on this stack include:

- Fully functioning auth (login, sign up , google auth signup/login)
- Home page
- Dashboard
- basic posts module
- user account settings

## How To Run The Project 

### Frontend:
Navigate to frontend/src/environment and create a file called `environment.js` pattern after file example.environment.js file.
<br> In this file, you will specify your `google client id` to be used in the project.

Then In the frontend directory, you can run:

#### `npm install`
#### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.\
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### Backend:
First, go to the backend folder and create a .env file, patterning after file `.env.example`

In a separate console, navigate to the backend directory:
#### `npm install`
#### `npm start`


## Notes:
#### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\

Commit message:

Dockerized the mern stack and updated the readme set up instructions accordingly

README.md, after:

# MERN Stack  `(MongoDb, Express ,React, Node)`

## About 
MERN stack is a web development framework. It consists of MongoDB - document database. Express(.js) - Node.js web framework. React(.js) - a client-side JavaScript framework. Node(.js) - the premier JavaScript web server.
This development stack also makes use of Docker and Nginx.

I have created this MERN stack template with basic features so that this can be used as a base for future projects using the MERN Stack.

The features included on this stack include:

- Fully functioning auth (login, sign up , google auth signup/login)
- Home page
- Dashboard
- basic posts module
- user account settings

## How To Run The Project 

### Dev Setup :
In order to run pystack locally your dev environment needs to be configured. To setup
your environment, follow the following instructions:
- make changes to file `env.example` to your choosing
- RUN `make`<br>
Poof! You're done!

### Frontend:
<br> In this frontend/src/environment/environment.js, you will specify your `google client id` to be used in the project.

### Backend:
<br>
in the .env file, specify the mongo d connection URL


## Notes:
## **Advanced:**

If you're reading this then we assume you want to adjust default values or setup step by step:

1. Run the command `make env` in the project root. A file called `.env` will be
created with default configs alongside `environment.ts` inside of 
`frontend/src/environments`. Edit this to be whatever you want.

2. `make build` - This will build each of the docker containers using the configurations you
specified in `.env`

3. `make up` - This will launch each docker containers for usage. You can visit the frontend at
`http://localhost:{REACT_PORT}` and the express backend at `http://localhost:{EXPRESS_PORT}`


#### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
